## This has been combined with Standup Notes
## Standing Items for SRE Sprint Planning
-	Check alignment btw ZH Board and PI Board (Optional)
-	Review current pipeline tasks, current workload for team
-	Planning work for coming two weeks: move from “To Do” to “Priority” 
-	Consider: Tickets in “New Issues” need grooming, and move to “To Do” or “Priority”
-	Consider:  Definition of Ready for Ticket (Sizing, Acceptance Criteria)
-	Consider:  Provide Est (In Fib, and benchmark for the sizing?) 
  
## Jan27  2022 SRE Sprint Planning Meeting Memo

**Absences: -** 
-	Thor, Richard

**Action Items:-**
- Eve: Will upgrade SOFI in next two weeks
- All: add real effort on SRE ticket
- Patrick is planning for Pure SRE items for next PI
- Jinghua: working on SRE burndown report/Metric
- All: start KT to learn Sumesh's training recording and documents
- Steven can pickup new ticket
- Patrick will bring BA resource shortage issue in PO syc

**Notes:-**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/151440950-d31d5918-9450-47e9-bd12-74475f15ddfd.png)
---
  
## Jan12  2022 SRE Sprint Planning Meeting Memo

**Absences: -** 
-	

**Action Items:-**
- Jinghua will update meeting invites, first Namex meeting then SRE Planning. Change SRE standup as once per week.

**Notes:-**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/149231230-daa6fe2b-0eb3-481e-9cc1-14a459fb3a89.png)

---

## Dec07  2021 SRE Sprint Planning Meeting Memo

**Absences: -** 
-	Thor

**Action Items:-**
- Jinghua: Book meeting for 2022

**Notes:-**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/145141315-a8472d64-d64b-4089-ba73-37e867146509.png)


---

## Nov23rd  2021 SRE Sprint Planning Meeting Memo

**Absences: -** 
-	No

**Action Items:-**
-	Considering the general work load (%) for Names support, then others for core SRE tasks (Kaine’s suggestion is 50%) – will start from providing est for all Names Ops Support tickets
-	Team to provide vacation update for Xms and New Year
-	Create sprint goal ticket for SER

**Notes:-**
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/143175050-08352f1f-536e-44d0-a0f0-0972ae7103b9.png)

---

## Nov 9th  2021 SRE Sprint Planning Meeting Memo

**Absences: -** 
-	No

**Action Items:-**
-	Will review all NameX Ops Support tickets within Grooming meeting with Entities/Linda
-	Considering the general work load (%) for Names support, then others for core SRE tasks (Kaine’s suggestion is 50%) – will start from providing est for all Names Ops Support tickets
-	Team to provide vacation update for Xms and New Year

**Notes:-**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/141160839-bfc912cc-bd42-4574-8f16-66461b5cafeb.png)



---

## **Oct 26th 2021 SRE Sprint Planning Meeting Memo**@here 

**Absences: -**
- No

**Notes:-**
### PI Board
- Ongoing: ArgoCD, BCBN, Name Space/Gold Cluster
- Havn’t start yet: OpenTelmetry: Thor will try that function
### ZH Board
##### Done: 
- 9185 BCBN move to Done, create RFC for management team
- Request Namespaces from Gold cluster.#9192
- Collect CRA web services statistics#9186

##### Ready for Release:  
 - LaunchDarkly MAU over plan limit#9686: Proposed solution 

##### Waiting	
 - EDB - Backup and Recovery#7284, Minio needs space

##### In Progress: 
- Patrick: Argocd Demo app setup#9793
- Steven: Send COOP Gazette messaging#8272
- Omid and Richard: Name Request email bug - expiry reminders are wrong, and need more info#9703 (Omid is working on this, will ask sb help to walk through together)
- Richard: EDB - Installation and Migration(redundancy in Database)#7283
- Meng: Dev work to Block IE 11 users from using all business registry UIs#9729, this is blocking by UI Design 9730)

##### Priority
- Thor: FW iStore order to open outbound traffic#8890
- Banner message mobile usage warning#9290
- RFC: Gold Cluster and GCP domain name design#9806
##### ToDo
- FAS - SOFI Integrations#9695 – No Resource, need Java library, Eve has JAVA Env, will working together with Patrick
- Create documentation option in GitHub for higher level requirements#6907 – checking duplicates with 9777
- No Time for now: Vault service using 1password REST API#7809
- No Time for now: Tech Debt - Upgrade Flask(Microservice Framework)/Nats(Queue Service)/Node/Python#8119
- DNS set up#9454
- Move 8313 back to To Do: When my NR payment is incomplete, I am told to retry in a few minutes, or request a new one.#8313
### Others 
- Steven is working in entities team now
- SRE Team will take over Names Ops support, starting from next Tuesday. Linda will meet Patrick
- Architecture team: Thor, Patrick, Sumesh, Kial, Doug

### **Planning for next sprint:**
- Will finish tasks within current pipeline and start working on tickets under Priority

### **Action Items:-**
- Create SRE Template for all PO to request SRE action
- Considering the general work load (%) for Names support, then others for core SRE tasks
- Will use Fib for grooming ticket next time

### **Current Board Starting Oct26: -**# of issues
**ToDO: 7; Priority: 3: In Progress: 6; Waiting: 3: Verification/Review/QA: 1; Ready for Release: 1; Done: 3**
